hi guys I just wanted to make one more
quick video I wanted to talk about
batteries and more specifically lipo
batteries and even more specifically
buffer tube lipo batteries um
buffer tube lipos and by buffer tube
lipo I mean like batteries like this
that are like really thin you can
squeeze into the buffer tube of your m4
or other small space in your space can
find gun they usually even smaller than
this I mean most people are gonna be
getting that 1200 mah stick about yay
big and I think a smallest size buffer
tube lipo that I've seen being used as
the it's the 1000 lot energy ones which
is ridiculous and I'll get into that and
the reason that I'm bringing this up is
because they're so they seem to be so
popular right now I see people you know
getting night entities and trying to run
them in there uber milsim thing because
honestly it looks really cool when you
have a you know a gun wired up to the
rear and you've got you know you've only
got an MOA stock on it which you know
does look really cool it looks really
you know realistic and cool because most
people are throwing crane stocks on
there but there's a reason for that but
the downside of buffer tube lipos is
that the capacity the capacity is so
small it's it's like and especially for
people that want to be running their
guns unlike these you know really snappy
tree responds and you know 30 or 25 plus
rate of fire setups with their some
people running high speed motors and
stuff like that you got you guys got to
realize the amount of power draw that
your gun is taking and how much capacity
in that gun needs to keep that to keep
those gears turning you know at this
certain performance level now I in case
you guys don't know about lipo batteries
if you dip the voltage that is to say if
you go below a certain voltage on the
battery the battery starts to get
damaged and if you do it too often or
you run the battery completely dry
there's no bringing that battery back
you can try force charging it with a non
lipo charger just forcing current into
the cells to try and revive the battery
to get it up past that threshold voltage
again to where it'll still be okay but I
don't recommend it it's just kind of
risky and it's it can be unsafe if it
dies on you I usually just say get
another one but that being said people
seem to be running these these batteries
just about everything especially small
like thousand watt energy lipo's I don't
understand why people insist on doing
this all the time and wonder why they're
you know buying you know five ten
different batteries for their you know
for that mil for their set up for the
weekend
and it's it could just be solved by
taking a hit aesthetically and just
getting a crane stock in which you could
get it maybe like a 2000 mAh or just
hook them up in sequence get a like a
larger capacity just something at least
at least 16 16 to 1800 mAh you know for
your standard 18:01 you know m120 spring
setup on a you know a decent balance or
torque motor because often when you're
running around playing you don't have
time to be thinking about you know all
might a might dip in the voltage on this
one I mean obviously when you run out of
voltage it'll tell you that or if you
got a lipo monitor or a mosfet that'll
cut off your battery it'll tell you that
but I think it's a really unnecessary
risk to be taking to be keep on breaking
your batteries when you could just be
you know building for your gun um let's
see and I get the aesthetic part of it
but I mean it's just these ridiculously
small batteries and people are trying to
light you're like oh but all I'll do all
this stuff and I'm gonna run it off a
buffer tube battery ah I mean take for
instance my DSG I was initially thinking
about running it off of a 2500 mah crane
stock battery that I found that was made
by G and P also intellect and running
that in the crane stock Ithaca yeah this
will be a really cool setup but once I
got the Tendo and DSG and I I test shot
it off of my 26 50 blue lipo I was
dipping that thing like like crazy fast
like I noticed that the the rate of fire
would start to drop like pretty
significantly quickly and that's when I
realized
I need a bigger battery and that's why I
decided to say don't fuck it I'm just
gonna be to hell with looks and all that
stuff I'm gonna go for pure practicality
especially run running such a
high-performance setup so I got you know
the battery bag on the side of it I
hooked up that 4400 mAh sky lipo and I
haven't had a problem since no major
drops and um rate of fire voltage or any
of that stuff so and that battery's been
going great um and I mean that's just in
my case I just happen to be running such
an extreme setup but I mean really
though anything where you're increasing
the the need for power more than just a
very very stock setup you're gonna need
more and that you're gonna need more
juice than these small you know sub 1600
mAh batteries are gonna offer and I
really think people should start
thinking about this as opposed to just
you know going for looks and all that
stuff because I'm seeing way too many
broken batteries and way too many people
trying to run setups that are just
requires so much more energy and
wondering why they don't work so that's
my message to you guys for right now I
will catch you guys later